[SITE-5081] Add PAPC Drupal BigPipe change note (#9755)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/modules-known-issues.md

**Issue**: The BigPipe module intercepts Drupal application requests, occasionally holding visitor sessions open indefinitely. On more complex Drupal applications, these open visitor sessions can result in a site's Redis layer experiecing memory exhaustion, cache corruption, and inability to serve web requests ("504 timeout" errors). Sites with BigPipe who are unable to serve web requests will also experience a lack of server-level traffic logs in the `nginx-access.log` file, and inhibiting traffic auditing. 

> **Solution**: Pantheon now disables BigPipe when installing and enabling the Pantheon Advanced Page Cache module for sites hosted on our platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Solution**: Pantheon recommends disabling BigPipe for sites hosted on our platform. For sites with [Pantheon Advanced Page Cache](https://www.drupal.org/project/pantheon_advanced_page_cache) 2.3.4 installed, BigPipe is automatically disabled.
```
